README.md, before:

![](zytrax_logo.png)

# Zytrax

ZyTrax is an easy to use music sequencer with an interface heavily 
inspired by 90's "tracker" software (most specifically [Impulse
Tracker](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Impulse_Tracker)).

While contemporary software that uses this approach exists, it 
usually has a high entry barrier because it maintains compatibility 
with old formats.

In contrast to this, ZyTrax starts afresh with an user friendly 
approach (no hex numbers, pure plugin-based architecture, inlined 
automation envelopes, smart automations, zoomable patterns and a 
simple pattern/orderlist layout).

![](zytrax.png)

## Usage

Currently, ZyTrax runs only on Windows and Linux/X11. It supports VST2 plugins via Vestige. 
It should compile on MacOS but no plugin
code exists (If anyone wants to contribute LV2 support, that would be
awesome! I just don't have the time).

You can find a tutorial [here](http://zytrax.org/tutorial/).

## Download

Head over to the [releases](https://github.com/reduz/zytrax/releases)
section.

## Building

You need to download MSys2, and then GTKmm for Windows, instructions
[here](https://wiki.gnome.org/Projects/gtkmm/MSWindows). Make sure to
download Python and Scons too from the package manager.

To build, type:
```
scons
```

To run:
```
cd bin
start zytrax.exe
```

Check the release to see how to package the executable for redistribution
(just replace the .exe file).

Commit message:

Make the build instructions work for Linux users.
I'm not sure if this fixes things for folks on BSD or whatever, and I've
tried to make it clear I'm only sure about behaviour on Debian, but I
hope this would be an improvement.

README.md, after:

![](zytrax_logo.png)

# Zytrax

ZyTrax is an easy to use music sequencer with an interface heavily 
inspired by 90's "tracker" software (most specifically [Impulse
Tracker](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Impulse_Tracker)).

While contemporary software that uses this approach exists, it 
usually has a high entry barrier because it maintains compatibility 
with old formats.

In contrast to this, ZyTrax starts afresh with an user friendly 
approach (no hex numbers, pure plugin-based architecture, inlined 
automation envelopes, smart automations, zoomable patterns and a 
simple pattern/orderlist layout).

![](zytrax.png)

## Usage

Currently, ZyTrax runs only on Windows and Linux/X11. It supports VST2 plugins via Vestige. 
It should compile on MacOS but no plugin
code exists (If anyone wants to contribute LV2 support, that would be
awesome! I just don't have the time).

You can find a tutorial [here](http://zytrax.org/tutorial/).

## Download

Head over to the [releases](https://github.com/reduz/zytrax/releases)
section.

## Building

If you're building on Windows, you need to download MSys2, and then GTKmm for
Windows, instructions [here](https://wiki.gnome.org/Projects/gtkmm/MSWindows).
Make sure to download Python and Scons too from the package manager. There's a
build script (build.sh) you can refer to if that helps.

If you're building on a Linux distribution or BSD or something, you'll need to
install packages for scons and the GTKmm headers. On Debian and Debian-related
systems, these packages are called `scons` and `libgtkmm-3.0-dev`, but your
repos might call them something else.

Once you've got the dependencies, to build, type:
```
scons
```

And then, to run, type:
```
cd bin
start zytrax.exe || ./zytrax
```

Check the release to see how to package the executable for redistribution
(just replace the .exe file).
